README.md, before:


<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the badge of your runbot / runboat instance. -->
[![Pre-commit Status](https://github.com/openg2p/openg2p-program/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml/badge.svg?branch=17.0-develop)](https://github.com/openg2p/openg2p-program/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml?query=branch%3A17.0-develop)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/openg2p/openg2p-program/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=17.0-develop)](https://github.com/openg2p/openg2p-program/actions/workflows/test.yml?query=branch%3A17.0-develop)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/openg2p/openg2p-program/branch/17.0-develop/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/openg2p/openg2p-program)
<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the badge of your translation instance. -->

<!-- /!\ do not modify above this line -->

# OpenG2P Program

Program Management. Refer to [OpenG2P Docs](https://docs.openg2p.org).

<!-- /!\ do not modify below this line -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

[//]: # (addons)

Available addons
----------------
addon | version | maintainers | summary
--- | --- | --- | ---
[g2p_entitlement_differential](g2p_entitlement_differential/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Entitlement: Differential
[g2p_entitlement_in_kind](g2p_entitlement_in_kind/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Entitlement: In-Kind
[g2p_entitlement_voucher](g2p_entitlement_voucher/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Entitlement: Voucher
[g2p_payment_cash](g2p_payment_cash/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payment: Cash
[g2p_payment_files](g2p_payment_files/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payments: In Files
[g2p_payment_g2p_connect](g2p_payment_g2p_connect/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payment: G2P Connect Payment Manager
[g2p_payment_interop_layer](g2p_payment_interop_layer/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payment (Payment Interoperability Layer)
[g2p_payment_phee](g2p_payment_phee/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payment (Payment Hub EE)
[g2p_payment_simple_mpesa](g2p_payment_simple_mpesa/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payment: Simple Mpesa Payment Manager
[g2p_program_approval](g2p_program_approval/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program: Approval
[g2p_program_assessment](g2p_program_assessment/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program: Assessment
[g2p_program_autoenrol](g2p_program_autoenrol/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Programs: Autoenrol
[g2p_program_cycleless](g2p_program_cycleless/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Programs: Cycleless
[g2p_program_documents](g2p_program_documents/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program: Documents
[g2p_program_registrant_info](g2p_program_registrant_info/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | G2P Program: Registrant Info
[g2p_program_reimbursement](g2p_program_reimbursement/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Programs: Reimbursement
[g2p_programs](g2p_programs/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Programs
[g2p_proxy_means_test](g2p_proxy_means_test/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | G2P: Proxy Means Test


Unported addons
---------------
addon | version | maintainers | summary
--- | --- | --- | ---
[g2p_program_registrant_info_rest_api](g2p_program_registrant_info_rest_api/) | 17.0.1.0.0 (unported) |  | G2P Program : Program Registrant Info Rest API
[g2p_programs_rest_api](g2p_programs_rest_api/) | 17.0.1.0.0 (unported) |  | G2P Programs: REST API

[//]: # (end addons)

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## License

This repository is licensed under [MPL-2.0](LICENSE).

However, each module can have a totally different license, as long as they adhere to OpenG2P
policy. Consult each module's `__manifest__.py` file, which contains a `license` key
that explains its license.

----
<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the full description of your organization. -->

Commit message:

Added Manual In-Kind Entitlement >
Co-authored-by: Dibik <dibik@openg2p.org>

README.md, after:


<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the badge of your runbot / runboat instance. -->
[![Pre-commit Status](https://github.com/openg2p/openg2p-program/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml/badge.svg?branch=17.0-develop)](https://github.com/openg2p/openg2p-program/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml?query=branch%3A17.0-develop)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/openg2p/openg2p-program/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=17.0-develop)](https://github.com/openg2p/openg2p-program/actions/workflows/test.yml?query=branch%3A17.0-develop)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/openg2p/openg2p-program/branch/17.0-develop/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/openg2p/openg2p-program)
<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the badge of your translation instance. -->

<!-- /!\ do not modify above this line -->

# OpenG2P Program

Program Management. Refer to [OpenG2P Docs](https://docs.openg2p.org).

<!-- /!\ do not modify below this line -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

[//]: # (addons)

Available addons
----------------
addon | version | maintainers | summary
--- | --- | --- | ---
[g2p_entitlement_differential](g2p_entitlement_differential/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Entitlement: Differential
[g2p_entitlement_in_kind](g2p_entitlement_in_kind/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Entitlement: In-Kind
[g2p_entitlement_voucher](g2p_entitlement_voucher/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Entitlement: Voucher
[g2p_manual_entitlement_in_kind](g2p_manual_entitlement_in_kind/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Manual Entitlement: In-Kind
[g2p_payment_cash](g2p_payment_cash/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payment: Cash
[g2p_payment_files](g2p_payment_files/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payments: In Files
[g2p_payment_g2p_connect](g2p_payment_g2p_connect/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payment: G2P Connect Payment Manager
[g2p_payment_interop_layer](g2p_payment_interop_layer/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payment (Payment Interoperability Layer)
[g2p_payment_phee](g2p_payment_phee/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payment (Payment Hub EE)
[g2p_payment_simple_mpesa](g2p_payment_simple_mpesa/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program Payment: Simple Mpesa Payment Manager
[g2p_program_approval](g2p_program_approval/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program: Approval
[g2p_program_assessment](g2p_program_assessment/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program: Assessment
[g2p_program_autoenrol](g2p_program_autoenrol/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Programs: Autoenrol
[g2p_program_cycleless](g2p_program_cycleless/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Programs: Cycleless
[g2p_program_documents](g2p_program_documents/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Program: Documents
[g2p_program_registrant_info](g2p_program_registrant_info/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | G2P Program: Registrant Info
[g2p_program_reimbursement](g2p_program_reimbursement/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Programs: Reimbursement
[g2p_programs](g2p_programs/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | OpenG2P Programs
[g2p_proxy_means_test](g2p_proxy_means_test/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | G2P: Proxy Means Test


Unported addons
---------------
addon | version | maintainers | summary
--- | --- | --- | ---
[g2p_program_registrant_info_rest_api](g2p_program_registrant_info_rest_api/) | 17.0.1.0.0 (unported) |  | G2P Program : Program Registrant Info Rest API
[g2p_programs_rest_api](g2p_programs_rest_api/) | 17.0.1.0.0 (unported) |  | G2P Programs: REST API

[//]: # (end addons)

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## License

This repository is licensed under [MPL-2.0](LICENSE).

However, each module can have a totally different license, as long as they adhere to OpenG2P
policy. Consult each module's `__manifest__.py` file, which contains a `license` key
that explains its license.

----
<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the full description of your organization. -->
